cloud: add the real client IP description (#22351)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/essential-database-audit-logging.md

| `CLIENT_IP`       | The current IP address of the client.                                                              |
| `CLIENT_PORT`     | The current port of the client.                                                                    |

> **Note:**
>

> > To improve traffic visibility, {{{ .essential }}} now captures and displays the real client IP for connections via AWS PrivateLink. Currently, this feature is limited to the AWS region `us-west-2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To improve traffic visibility, `CLIENT_IP` now displays the real client IP address for connections via AWS PrivateLink, instead of the Load Balancer (LB) IP. This feature is currently in public preview and is available only in the AWS region `Oregon (us-west-2)`.
```

> > To improve traffic visibility, `CLIENT_IP` now displays the real client IP address for connections via AWS PrivateLink, instead of the Load Balancer (LB) IP. Currently, this feature is in public preview and is available only in the AWS region `Frankfurt (eu-central-1)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> To improve traffic visibility, `CLIENT_IP` now displays the real client IP address for connections via AWS PrivateLink, instead of the Load Balancer (LB) IP. Currently, this feature is in beta and is available only in the AWS region `Frankfurt (eu-central-1)`.
```
